RHDEVDOCS-3763 - Added argo cd properties (#42877)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-argo-cd-properties.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo-cd-custom-resource-properties.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="argo-cd-properties_{context}"]
= Argo CD custom resource properties

[role="_abstract"]
The ArgoCD Custom Resource consists of the following properties:

|===

> |**Name** |**Default** |**Description**

Reviewer: If the values such as `[Object]` or `[empty]` are to be provided by the reader, then they can be documented according to the guidance in https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-replaced-values : for example, `__<Object>__`, `__<empty>__`, and `__<default_Argo_CD_Known_Hosts>__`

|`ApplicationInstanceLabelKey` |`mycompany.com/appname`|The `metadata.label` key name where Argo CD injects the app name as a tracking label.
|`ApplicationSet` |[Object]|`ApplicationSet` controller configuration options.

> |`ConfigManagementPlugins`    |[Empty]|Configuration to add a config management plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ConfigManagementPlugins`    |[Empty]|Add a configuration management plugin.
```

|`Controller`    |[Object]|Argo CD Application Controller options.
|`Dex`    |[Object]|Dex configuration options.
|`Disable Admin`    |`false` |Disable the admin user.

> |`GATrackingID`    |[Empty]|The google analytics tracking ID to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`GATrackingID`    |[Empty]|Use a Google Analytics tracking ID.
```

> |`GAAnonymizeusers`    |[`false` |Enable hashed usernames sent to google analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`GAAnonymizeusers`    |`false` |Enable hashed usernames sent to google analytics.
```

|`Grafana`    |[Object]|Grafana configurable options.
|`HA`    |[Object]|High availablity options.

> |`HelpChatURL`    |`https://mycorp.slack.com/argo-cd` |URL for getting chat help, this will typically be your Slack channel for support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`HelpChatURL`    |`https://mycorp.slack.com/argo-cd` |URL for getting chat help (this will typically be your Slack channel for support).
```

> |`HelpChatText`    |`Chat now!`|The text for getting chat help.

Reviewer: It's not clear to me as a reader if this is a UI label or some text that appears in a text box or something else.

Author: @iam-veeramalla please suggest

Reviewer 2: It is a text that appears in the text box.
You can find the same table here
https://argocd-operator.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/argocd/

|`Image`    |`argoproj/argocd` |The container image for all Argo CD components. This overrides the `ARGOCD_IMAGE` environment variable.
|`Import`    |[Object]|Import configuration options.
|`Ingress`    |[Object]|Ingress configuration options.

> |`InitialRepositories`    |[Empty]|Initial git repositories to configure Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`InitialRepositories`    |[Empty]|Initial Git repositories to configure Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster.
```

|`RepositoryCredentials`    |[Object]|Git repository credential templates to configure Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster.
|`InitialSSHKnownHosts`    |[Default Argo CD Known Hosts]|Initial SSH Known Hosts for Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster.

> |`KustomizeBuildOptions`    |[Empty]|The build options/parameters to use with `kustomize build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`KustomizeBuildOptions`    |[Empty]|The build options and parameters to use with `kustomize build`.
```

|`OIDCConfig` |[Empty]|The OIDC configuration as an alternative to Dex.

> |`NodePlacement` |[Empty]|The `NodePlacement` configuration can be used to add the `nodeSelector` and the `tolerations`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`NodePlacement` |[Empty]|Add the `nodeSelector` and the `tolerations`.
```

|`Prometheus` |[Object]|Prometheus configuration options.
|`RBAC` |[Object]|RBAC configuration options.
|`Redis` |[Object]|Redis configuration options.
|`ResourceCustomizations` |[Empty]|Customize resource behavior.

> |`ResourceExclusions` |[Object]|The configuration to completely ignore entire classes of resource group/kinds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ResourceExclusions` |[Object]|Completely ignore entire classes of resource group or kinds.
```

> |`ResourceInclusions` |[Object]|The configuration to configure which resource group/kinds are applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ResourceInclusions` |[Object]|Configure which resource group or kinds to apply.
```

|`Server` |[Object]|Argo CD Server configuration options.
|`SSO` |[Object]|Single sign-on options.

> |`StatusBadgeEnabled` |`ture` |Enable application status badge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`StatusBadgeEnabled` |`true` |Enable application status badge.
```

|`TLS` |[Object]|TLS configuration options.

> |`UserAnonyousEnabled` |`true` |Enable anonymous user access.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`UserAnonymousEnabled` |`true` |Enable anonymous user access.
```

Author: @iam-veeramalla please suggest.

Reviewer 2: @DebarghoGhosh actually it should be `UsersAnonymousEnabled` not both :p

https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-operator/blob/808d0a200f96fc403731f9887ad5818ce58988f8/api/v1alpha1/argocd_types.go#L632
